I never thought you would have today
Xiaoxiao, what are you doing?
I want you to try it.
Sin
Xiaoxiao, I don't know what you're talking about.
Don't pretend to be garlic for me
I was threatened and called you
You deliberately don't answer
I ended up being rotated.
Today I want you to taste the same
little
You know I was angry at the time
and
I had no idea what happened to you.
It's late, waiting for you to become a broken shoe.
I have seen the clouds
Xiao Qiao Xiao Qiao
Xiao Qiao, what are you doing, little demon?
Don't let go of the monster
go go
Oh, I see.
Miss, Mr. Gu's people are here
Downstairs, we have to evacuate just to be safe
Don't you want the balance?
If the two of us are caught by Mr. Gu's men
Even if we receive the balance, we will not spend it.
Let him go so easily
How is that possible?